#52 | Version File (#54)
carsdotcom/skelebot: docs/jobs.md

...
```

**Primary Job**

> By default the Docker Image that is built by Skelebot will not run a command, but instead requires skelebot to provide it with a script, arguments, and parameters to run when a job is executed. For this purposed of building images that can be distributed, Skelebot offers a way to specify a job as the project's Primary Job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the Docker Image that is built by Skelebot will not run a command, but instead requires skelebot to provide it with a script, arguments, and parameters to run when a job is executed. For the purpose of building images that can be distributed, Skelebot offers a way to specify a job as the project's Primary Job.
```
